Solution
jenkins is already installed or you can install yours.
Access the Jenkins environment by copying the public IP address provided with the lab credentials. Then, in a browser window, navigate to that IP address using:

http://<public IP address>:8080
When prompted, log in to Jenkins with the username <Your Username> and the password <Your Password>

Create a Folder Named Test
Once logged in to Jenkins, click New Item in the left pane.
In the Enter an item name field, type "Test".
From the list of available item types, select Folder.
Click OK.
Click Save to accept the default configurations for the folder.
Create and Run a User Test Job That Saves Its Output in a File Named user_test.txt
In the Test folder you just created, click the create new jobs link.

Note: You could also click New Item in the left pane.

In the Enter an item name field, type "user_test".

From the list of available item types, make sure that Freestyle project is selected.

Click OK.

In the configuration for the project, scroll down to the Build section and click the Add build step drop-down arrow.

From the drop-down menu, select Execute shell.

In the Command text box, add the code containing the uname and whoami commands required to output the desired information to the requested file name:

uname -a && whoami > user_test.txt
Click Save.

In the user_test project, click Build Now in the left pane.

Verify that the build completes in the Build History pane.

Once completed, click Workspace in the project pane.

Click the view link to the right of the user_test.txt file.

Verify that the output in the file displays jenkins.

Click the back button in the browser window.

Click on the drop-down arrow next to the build in the Build History pane and click Console Output.

In the Console Output, view the output in the file and verify the following:

The username of the user who ran the build (which should be student, the username with which you are signed in).
The version of Linux that the build was running on.
Conclusion
Congratulations
