Solution
Log in to the Jenkins server using the credentials provided.

Update Jenkins
Click the bell icon.
Apply the Migration.
Click the bell icon.
Choose Manage Jenkins.
Choose Go to plugin manager.
Select all, Download now and install after restart.
After all the items on the list are marked with an action, Checkmark "Restart Jenkins when installation is complete and no jobs are running."
Reconnect to Jenkins.
Create the Webdev Folder and Index Freestyle Project
In the left-hand menu, select Manage Jenkins.
Select Global Tool Configuration.
Next to Maven, select Add Maven.
Next to Name, enter "M3".
Ensure Install automatically is selected.
Click Save.
In the upper-left corner, select Jenkins.
Select create new jobs.
Under Enter an item name, enter "webdev".
Select Folder.
Select OK.
Leave the default settings and select Save.
Within the webdev folder, select create new jobs.
Under Enter an item name, enter "index".
Select Freestyle project.
Select OK.
Configure the Index Project to Accept the Name Steve
Under the General tab, select the This project is parameterized checkbox.
Under the Add Parameter dropdown menu, select String Parameter.
Under String Parameter, set the following values:
Name: name
Default Value: steve
Description: (none)
Select the Source Code Management tab at top.
Select Git.
Under Repository URL: enter the Git repo URL https://github.com/M-Maina/content-cje-prebuild.git.
Under Build, select the add build step dropdown menu and select Invoke top-level Maven targets.
Under Invoke top-level Maven targets, set the following values:
Maven Version: M3
Goal: clean package
Select the add build step dropdown menu and select Execute shell.
Enter bin/makeindex next to Command.
Under Post-build Actions, select the Add post-build action dropdown menu and select Archive the artifacts.
Under Post-build Actions, next to Files to archive, type index.jsp.
Under Excludes, make sure the following boxes are selected:
Fingerprint all archived artifacts
Use default excludes
Treat include and exclude patterns as case sensitive
Click Save.
In the left-hand menu, select Build with Parameters.
Select Build.
Refresh your browser and select view next to index.jsp.
Conclusion
